#!/usr/bin/env zsh

#
# Aliases for busybox commands that don't exist on the system
#

moduledir="${1:-/dev/null}"
generateddir="${2:-/dev/null}"

bb_alias_zshrc="${moduledir}/bbaliases"

cat > ${bb_alias_zshrc} <<EOF
#!zsh
#
# For commands that we like that aren't on the system, alias to our busybox install
#
# GENERATED FILE!! DO NOT EDIT
# $(date)
#

EOF

busyBoxCheckAndAlias() {
    local cmd="$1"

    # See if command exists
    command -v "$cmd" &> /dev/null
    if [ $? -eq 0 ]; then
        return
    fi

    # See if busybox supports the command
    ${moduledir}/bin/busybox --list | grep "^$cmd$" &> /dev/null
    if [ $? -ne 0 ]; then
        return
    fi

    # Set up the alias
    echo "alias $cmd='busybox $cmd'" >> ${bb_alias_zshrc}
}

# Adds too much shit
#for c in `busybox --list`; do
#    busyBoxCheckAndAlias $c
#done

busyBoxCheckAndAlias arp
busyBoxCheckAndAlias arping
busyBoxCheckAndAlias awk
busyBoxCheckAndAlias base64
busyBoxCheckAndAlias basename
busyBoxCheckAndAlias beep
busyBoxCheckAndAlias bunzip2
busyBoxCheckAndAlias bzcat
busyBoxCheckAndAlias bzip2
busyBoxCheckAndAlias cal
busyBoxCheckAndAlias cat
busyBoxCheckAndAlias catv
busyBoxCheckAndAlias cksum
busyBoxCheckAndAlias clear
busyBoxCheckAndAlias cut
busyBoxCheckAndAlias date
busyBoxCheckAndAlias dc
busyBoxCheckAndAlias df
busyBoxCheckAndAlias diff
busyBoxCheckAndAlias dirname
busyBoxCheckAndAlias dos2unix
busyBoxCheckAndAlias egrep
busyBoxCheckAndAlias eject
busyBoxCheckAndAlias fgrep
busyBoxCheckAndAlias find
busyBoxCheckAndAlias fold
busyBoxCheckAndAlias ftpget
busyBoxCheckAndAlias ftpput
busyBoxCheckAndAlias getopt
busyBoxCheckAndAlias grep
busyBoxCheckAndAlias gunzip
busyBoxCheckAndAlias gzip
busyBoxCheckAndAlias head
busyBoxCheckAndAlias hexdump
busyBoxCheckAndAlias hostname
busyBoxCheckAndAlias ip
busyBoxCheckAndAlias ipaddr
busyBoxCheckAndAlias iproute
busyBoxCheckAndAlias less
busyBoxCheckAndAlias lsusb
busyBoxCheckAndAlias md5sum
busyBoxCheckAndAlias mktemp
busyBoxCheckAndAlias nc
busyBoxCheckAndAlias netstat
busyBoxCheckAndAlias od
busyBoxCheckAndAlias pgrep
busyBoxCheckAndAlias ping
busyBoxCheckAndAlias ping6
busyBoxCheckAndAlias pipe_progress
busyBoxCheckAndAlias printf
busyBoxCheckAndAlias readlink
busyBoxCheckAndAlias realpath
busyBoxCheckAndAlias reset
busyBoxCheckAndAlias route
busyBoxCheckAndAlias run-parts
busyBoxCheckAndAlias sed
busyBoxCheckAndAlias seq
busyBoxCheckAndAlias sha1sum
busyBoxCheckAndAlias sha256sum
busyBoxCheckAndAlias sha3sum
busyBoxCheckAndAlias sha512sum
busyBoxCheckAndAlias sleep
busyBoxCheckAndAlias sort
busyBoxCheckAndAlias split
busyBoxCheckAndAlias tail
busyBoxCheckAndAlias tar
busyBoxCheckAndAlias tee
busyBoxCheckAndAlias telnet
busyBoxCheckAndAlias test
busyBoxCheckAndAlias time
busyBoxCheckAndAlias timeout
busyBoxCheckAndAlias top
busyBoxCheckAndAlias touch
busyBoxCheckAndAlias tr
busyBoxCheckAndAlias traceroute
busyBoxCheckAndAlias traceroute6
busyBoxCheckAndAlias truncate
busyBoxCheckAndAlias uname
busyBoxCheckAndAlias unix2dos
busyBoxCheckAndAlias unzip
busyBoxCheckAndAlias uptime
busyBoxCheckAndAlias usleep
busyBoxCheckAndAlias vi
busyBoxCheckAndAlias watch
busyBoxCheckAndAlias wc
busyBoxCheckAndAlias wget
busyBoxCheckAndAlias xargs
busyBoxCheckAndAlias zcat

